Wassup guys?
In this lecture we are going to be able to pick multiple images from our gallery and we are going to
be using a much more cleaner way to do this.
Now the first step is to create the function, and I'm going to say void.
And the name of the function is going to be pink.
Products, images like and within the function, we can then use a try and a cash block in case there
is any error.
And over within the try we can then create a variable to store the images so we can then say finer and
we can call this picked.
Peaks images.
Okay.
And now we need access to the image picker package in order to pick multiple images to do this.
What we can do is over here, we can just go ahead and specify the type of label it is, the type of
finder, and it is a type of image picker.
And we can call this variable on the peak image.
Sorry, underscore on the scope picker and it's going to be equal to the image picker.
Image picker package.
Okay.
And now over here we can use this variable underscore picker.
This picture.
Then dots peek multiple image.
You can see how powerful the image picker is.
And now we do not really need to specify the source and how we are going to pick that images.
Because defaults, we are only going to be able to pick images from the gallery.
Of course, we can't speak multiple images from the camera.
Right.
But what we can do is the peak image sorry.
The peak multiple image has a property like mass sides.
So you can give a mass height of 300 for the image and also it has a property like mass width.
We could also say 300 and it also has a property like image quality and we can say we need a better
quality.
Okay.
Had your semi-colon and of course, it's going to take some time to open the gallery.
So what we can do, we can tell Flutter that we are ready to wait for this.
To do that, we have to use the async over here in order to be able to use the weights.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now we can then create a global variable to store the pict images.
Right.
So over here you can see we are going to be able to pick multiple images, right?
So this is going to be within a list so we can create a list and it's going to be a type of this wish
of nothing before se fi.
And we can't say it can be, nor imagine if the user goes to the gallery and refuses to pick an image.
Right.
So it can be no.
And we can call this label image list.
And instead of using the leads, what we could also do, we could use the empty list over here if it
was a string.
What you can do to avoid the list as it is a string.
What you could do is to use an empty code so via ACC or you can just use delete.
It's the same.
Okay.
So this is good and over.
Yet we can set state.
Said States.
And we can then call the global variable we just created.
Image lists is going to be equal to the.
The variable called peaked.
Peaked.
Images and yeah, we can just had a no check over grits.
Sounds good.
And this is how basically, Nate, I think this is more easy.
You can just start using this step.
I know there are a lot of ways to achieve the same results and floater.
So you can just start using this step.
Then maybe instead of picking image, multiple image, you could also say pick.
That's what.
That's peak image, then you have to specify the image source.
Still to be similar, you can just go around with the one you think is more convenient for you.
Okay?
And now what we have to do is to display the images, right?
To do that over here, we have this test.
So once we can say, we can then say underscore, sorry, not underscore.
We did not make that for a variable private.
So we can say image.
This is not equal to nor.
If it is not equal to null, then.
It is not equal to nursery.
Then what we want to do is we want to be able to display the image.
And since it is a list of images, we need to display them in a list view to be that right.
So what we can do in order to make our code more cleaner, we can just create a functional wire which
is going to say display images.
And else if it is empty, we then want to display the test.
So over here we have to create it at the top.
Or anywhere you saw desire.
And I'm just going to create this via.
But before then after.
But we have to specify what we are going to be expecting.
So it is a type of widgets because the list view that beta is a widget, right?
And we need this.
And over here, we're going to return this view.
These view.
Your view there.
And of course, the least viewed of either has a property search like contest and the index, which
is going to be referring to how many images we picked.
Okay.
And this and now what we have to say is.
Yeah.
Over a year.
We are going to return.
Image Dodd's Fire.
You can see we have assets which has to do with images from our files.
We also have the image memory, which has to do with the U.
S at least, which I showed you when we picked image from our gallery when we are creating an account
here.
We also have the network, but we are going to go with the file.
Okay, Fi.
And now what we have to do is fi again.
And we need to import it.
A light.
A light and use control and dots we are going to import from dot io.
Please do not import from that HTML as you're going to get an error which is going to crash your hub.
So we are important from that.
That's how and why we have to call the image list variable.
And over here we need to pass the index in order to assess each images.
And now we have to say dot parts.
And over here we also do need a no check.
And over here we need a semicolon.
Okay.
And the last thing we have to do is to specify.
The item counts, which has to do with the Twitter image.
And this is going to be image at least ten dots length.
And over here we need a no check, all three studies.
And that is how.
I think this is a bit more easier.
Like I said, there are a lot of ways to achieve the same results in Flutter.
You can just use different way, but it's still going to be the same results you will definitely get.
Okay.
And.
Applaud.
Sorry.
Lastly, we have to call this function called peak product images.
We have to call that.
And we have the function.
Over.
Over a.
So we have to say peak.
Peak image, peak product image and use controller.
And that's the save.
And now we can.
Try this.
And click on this.
You can see and what we have to do is to, I think, live, click, audio, live click and so your left
click and now you can pick that is you have to click pin down to your left click.
So you can see we are able to pick multiple images and now select.
Or you can just add some more.
If you do not have to do that, you can basically just go to where you have your images and drag.
Drag and alternate and open your this.
You can see I have a lot of stuff open there and piss it away.
So that's all you can see.
Those are two hard images to your letter and I click on that.
Okay.
You can see we have this same skirt.
Default is going to take the least bit of beta.
It's going to take the vertical shape.
But we could also say maybe within the list view that you are.
Please view that view there.
We could also set scroll direction to say assess, assist, thoughts, or visitor to have the horizontal
shape that is from left to right.
You can see now some good.
You just have to follow anyone you think is okay.
Okay, guys.
See you.
And then let's.